# CAMARA Network Slice Booking Meeting - MOM-2025-07-18


*Friday, July 18th, 2025*


## Attendees 
* Xunli Yang (Huawei)
* Xiao Dongrui (China Unicom)
* Masaharu Hattori (KDDI)
* Surajj Jaggernath (Vodafone)




## Agenda
* Introduce the current progress of API Release and the next plan
* Issue#63 discussion -  Naming pattern correction.
* Issue#64 discussion -  Supplemental description fields for the API endpoints.
* Issue#65 discussion -  Modify the name for schema QosProfile to avoid confusions.
* Free discussion 
* AOB


## Issues Discussions
* Issue#63 discussion 
  * Property and similar names should follow lowerCamelCase naming pattern
  * Schema names follow UpperCamelCase naming pattern
* Issue#64 discussion
  * Post: Add description field to help the developers understand the endpoint API better.
  * Delete: Ideally this should have some explanation about delete usage e.g. what is the effect of deleting the session befor the endtime that is was booked for, etc.
  * Get: The description may contain more details about the provided resource information that is returned when calling this end-point.
* Issue#65 discussion
* Modify the name for schema QosProfile to avoid confusions.
  * There is already a definition for QosProfile within the API qos-profiles in QualityOnDemand which is different from the definition here (as defined as profile for one device).
  * Consider to modify the name for the profile which is specific for NetworkSliceBooking to avoid confusions.
  * Action: decided on the name `SliceQosProfile`.
* Free discussion    
  * The plan for the API of managing device access.
  * Plan to release this part of API in the next release(Spring26).

## Timeline
* Need to follow up with CAMARA release management.
* Merge PR#54, and release API release candidate version r1.1.  

## AOB
1. The next call will be on Friday, 1st Aug, 16:00 CST / 10:00 CET



