# CAMARA Network Slice Booking Meeting - MOM-2025-09-26


*Friday, Sep 26th, 2025*


## Attendees 
* Xunli Yang (Huawei)
* Xiao Dongrui (China Unicom)
* Rafal Artych (DT)


## Agenda
* The API is about to be released(Thanks for everyone's great work!)
* Discuss the plan for the next version in Spring26:
  * Issue#81 discussion -  [Generic422 error rename to be more explicit](https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkSliceBooking/issues/81).
  * Issue#82 discussion -  [Add tests for polygon area validation limits (between 3-15 points)](https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkSliceBooking/issues/82).
  * Issue#83 discussion -  [Add corresponding tests on x-correlator parameters](https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkSliceBooking/issues/83).
  * Issue#84 discussion -  [Add asynchronous callback in the createSession operation](https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkSliceBooking/issues/84).
* Free discussion 
* AOB


## Issues Discussions
* Meta-release Fall25
  * Network-slice-booking v0.1.0 is about to be released in Fall25.
  * Keep an eye on the possible release schedule for future versions, ref:[Proposal to Adopt a Dual-Phase Meta-Release Cadence for CAMARA APIs #194](https://github.com/camaraproject/Governance/issues/194)
* Issue#81 discussion 
  * Split the 422 error with "service area is not supported" error and "resources are insufficient" error.
  * Optional change:
    * `NetworkSliceBooking422` -> `SERVICEAREA_NOT_SUPPORTED` for "service area is not supported" error.
    * `NetworkSliceBooking422` -> `RESOURCES_INSUFFICIENT` for "resources are insufficient" error.
* Issue#82 discussion
  * Add tests for polygon area validation limits (between 3-15 points).
* Issue#83 discussion
  * Add corresponding tests on x-correlator parameters
  * To be clarified: whether to add schenarios for inconsistent x-correlator in request and response.
* Issue#84 discussion
  * Plan to add asynchronous callback in the next release.
  * To be discussed: notification API.
* Free discussion    
  * Plan to release this part of API in the next release(Spring26).


## AOB
1. The next call will be on Friday, 10th Oct, 16:00 CST / 10:00 CET
