# CAMARA Network Slice Booking Meeting - MOM-2024-07-19


*Friday, Jul 19th, 2024*


## Attendees 
* Fan Yang (China Unicom)
* Shuting Qing (Huawei)
* Jin Xu(Huawei)
* Thorsten Lohmar (Ericsson)
* Tanja de Groot (Nokia)
* Masaharu Hattori(KDDI)
* Bart van Kaathoven(Ericsson)
* Pedro Bento()


## Agenda
* Issue#33 and PR#32 API Yaml update
* Issue#38 discussion -  Add an “Area” data-type into CAMARA_common.yaml 
* Issue#39 discussion - API BACKLOG - Dedicated Networks: Scope Enhancement proposal
* AOB


## Issues Discussions
* Issue#33 and PR#32 API Yaml update
  * Still modify the yaml file based on previous meeting discussion and It's not finished yet .
* Issue#38 discussion -  Add an “Area” data-type into CAMARA_common.yaml 
  *  “Area” data-type for  CAMARA_common is not ready for Commnonalities now.
  * NSB will refer to the "Area" data-type from device-locaction project before Commnonalities definition
  * NSB will follow the update of  Commnonalities about  “Area” data-type for  CAMARA_common.


* Issue#39 discussion - API BACKLOG - Dedicated Networks: Scope Enhancement proposal
  * Thorsten introduced Dedicated Network API proposal, which aims to provide a highly abstract NaaS API which can support both FBB and MBB scenarios. Thorsten introded the differences between Dedicated Network API with QoD, Site To Cloud VPN, and NSB, which are included in the Proposal PDF. 
  * Shuting comment that it's a great proposal for long term plan. There are different ways of the slice/vpn/leased line compositions regarding on AN, TN, CN respectively.  "Dedicated Networks" needs time to really support all ways of network compositions. From commercial side, it also needs to think about the product setting problem, especially when it comes to price. Eg. In terms of TN, OTN is far more expensive than IP. 
  * It will take some time to discuss the proposals in the Issue#39 

  
## AOB
1. The next call will be on Friday, 2nd Aug, 16:00 CST / 10:00 CET



